Hello, this is a file that is being generated!
-signed calvin
John Adams persuaded the committee to select Thomas Jefferson to compose the
original draft of the document,[3] which Congress would edit to produce the final
version. The Declaration was ultimately a formal explanation of why Congress had voted on July 2 to declare independence from Great Britain, more than a year after the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War. The next day, Adams wrote to his wife Abigail: "The Second Day of July 1776, will be the most memorable Epocha, in the History of America."[4] But Independence Day is actually celebrated on July 4, the date that the Declaration of Independence was approved.

After ratifying the text on July 4, Congress issued the Declaration of Independence
in several forms. It was initially published as the printed Dunlap broadside
that was widely distributed and read to the public. The source copy used for this
printing has been lost, and may have been a copy in Thomas Jefferson's hand.[5]
Jefferson's original draft, complete with changes made by John Adams and Benjamin Franklin,
and Jefferson's notes of changes made by Congress, are preserved at the
Library of Congress. The best-known version of the Declaration is a signed
copy that is displayed at the National Archives in Washington, D.C., and which is
popularly regarded as the official document. This engrossed copy was ordered by
Congress on July 19 and signed primarily on August 2.[6][7]

The sources and interpretation of the Declaration have been the subject of
much scholarly inquiry. The Declaration justified the independence of the
United States by listing colonial grievances against King George III, and by
asserting certain natural and legal rights, including a right of revolution.
Having served its original purpose in announcing independence, references to
the text of the Declaration were few in the following years. Abraham Lincoln made
it the centerpiece of his rhetoric (as in the Gettysburg Address of 1863) and his
policies. Since then, it has become a well-known statement on human rights, particularly its second sentence:


